I will go home and tell my grandfather about the break-up.
He knows.
It will be fun for sure.
Yes?
Of course.
It's just that I have too many books now.
I can't protect you yet.
But I'm afraid you'll be taken away by someone else.
Don't worry, I'm yours.
So Giang father and son are both in trouble.
That's awesome.
Come here and have another drink.
Oh my god.
This just got out of the hospital why is he drinking?
Oh, the hospital made me choke up.
Come here and drink.
Old Zhang, you raised such a good son.
There will be green smoke in the ancestors' graves, right?
My son is the greatest pride of my life.
Ha ha ha, the ancestral grave is not just emitting green smoke.
The ancestors all wanted to run out.
Mr. Wook, why are you home so late?
Yes, dealing with a little personal matter.
Hey, old summer, old summer, old summer.